we managed to reach this part of the
alifa medical complex as not in areas
were being heavily
bombed Israeli occupation forces have
burned and destroyed a number of
buildings here as you can see the amount
of Destruction is massive due to
continuous bombardment and air
rates some families are still here
because of the presence of an Israeli
sniper and the Israeli Army's policy of
targeting and shooting at everything
moving in the
area some of the Dead are still under
the
rubble Medical Teams couldn't get to
this place because of the danger as you
can see all the buildings and roads are
destroyed we are under siege in the
northern part of the alifa medical
complex we have no food we have no water
all the houses have been leveled an
Israeli F-16 attacked at least one floor
in every building the remains of dead
bodies are lying in the street
there is no way anyone can help anyone
else there are 10 people in my family so
what can I do to find food for them all
the Israelis have destroyed everything
in the complex I hope I can see just one
person with a good conscience and I hope
to see just one person who believes in
God to denounce and stop the genocide in
Gaza we managed to reach a school Under
Siege in the vicinity of the alifa
medical
complex this school has been under siege
for the last 5 days there's no food and
no water for the displaced people
inside make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alaza